			what is zend engine in php
Zend Engine
The Zend Engine is the open source scripting engine that interprets the PHP programming language. It was originally developed by Andi Gutmans and Zeev Suraski while they were students at the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology.

					definition of php
PHP
PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language.

						what is doctype in html
DOCTYPE
A document type declaration, or DOCTYPE, is an instruction that associates a particular SGML or XML document (for example, a webpage) with a document type definition (DTD) (for example, the formal definition of a particular version of HTML).


			what is responsive website?
Responsive web design (RWD) is a web design approach aimed at crafting sites to provide an optimal viewing experience—easy reading and navigation with a minimum of resizing, panning, and scrolling—across a wide range of devices (from mobile phones to desktop computer monitors).

						how many color names are supported by a web browser
140 Color Names are Supported by All Browsers

140 color names are defined in the HTML5 and CSS3 color specifications.

17 colors are from the HTML specification, 123 colors are from the CSS specification.

The table below lists them all, along with their hexadecimal values.
Note 	The 17 colors from the HTML specification are: aqua, black, blue, fuchsia, gray, green, lime, maroon, navy, olive, orange, purple, red, silver, teal, white, and yellow.

											What is Alt Text?
You Are Here: Home > What is Alt Text?

Alt text is a shortened term that stands for alternative text or alt attribute. The alt text is used in HTML and XHTML documents to specify text for an image on a web page in the event that images are turned off on a visitor’s web browser. This text description provided by alt text is generally visible when a visitor “hovers” or holds their cursor over the place where the picture should be. Then a small box with the alt text will appear so that the visitor to the website can read a description of the picture. This tag is also very important for Internet use by the visually impaired, because it allows special software to read the alt text out loud for these types of users.

There are other reasons that alt text is used on websites as well. At first, alt text was used because there were many people using text-only systems such as Linux. While the original reason for alt text is no longer applicable, there are other reasons that this is utilized.

Search engine optimization: Most search engines use alt text to determine the meaning of objects like pictures
Handheld devices: People using handheld devices can take advantage of Internet usage by not waiting for large pictures to load
Low bandwidth: Visitors with low bandwidth can opt to not load graphics and just read the alt text

Utilizing alt text is an excellent search engine optimization technique as well. It can help a website by containing dynamic content that pertains to the keywords used on the website.


 